Hey, everyone!  



The covid19 slows me down, it is a **long long long** story
**(I believe you will not like this tiring narrative, so I place it in the final)**


last week I am doing little things, only exporting the above [blog](https://eat4toast.github.io/2022/07/18/(part1)Running-with-browser-dev-tool-to-detect-hotpath.html).
  
  And still stuck to finishing last week's goal:
Test the different implemented volk kernels.

### understand the blog

The above blog seems not too easy to understand if you are not experienced with profiler 😅 

OK, the dev tools can do such things, and we will use them to clock the `generate` and `execute` time costs.  

And at the moment, it will show which function takes much time  
(in the flame graph, the deeper and longer takes deeper call chain and takes more time)  

so this way, we will use dev tools to record the whole program execution and specify/ compare the time cost.

### intend todo

Besides, I intend to open a draft pull request in gr-web. 
(since then everyone can push me to achieve each week's target)  (hahaha) 

Contact with Marc takes time, and everyone(including Marc) can delicately review my code if it needs improvement/ help.



### Boring and long long long story
My roommate has dinner in a dining room, but their waiters have a confirmed case, so many things happen like nucleic acid testing at high frequencies, 
the final thing is that no one got the novel coronavirus(yet, still negative) right now. But my roommate has to be isolated in a hotel.
> **(I am in China right now, here the policy to covid19 is more strictly)**
Takes an actual example: you are safe before going the subway, and after the subway, 
your phone will receive a message to inform you to go to the hospital to queue for a long time to do nucleic acid testing as soon as possible.

Thank you for reading!  

Hope everyone well, and nice day! 
